Lars feedback about scope (#21)
mirjak/draft-kuehlewind-shmoo-remote-fee: draft-ietf-shmoo-remote-fee.md

This document proposes a principle for open participation that extends the open process
principle defined in RFC3935 by stating that there must always be a free option for online

> participation to IETF meetings, and perhaps related events over the Internet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
participation to IETF meetings, and if possible related IETF-hosted events over the Internet.
```
Just a proposal...

can use to guide future decision about registration fees for full online meetings.

The principle this document states is simple: there must always be an option for free
remote participation in any IETF meeting,

> whether or not that meeting has a physical presence.

Reviewer 2: As discussed on the list, this goes beyond the SHMOO charter. Given the other PRs, is this one overtaken by events?

Author: Does this change work?
```
there must always be an option for free
remote participation in any IETF meeting, as defined in {{!RFC8719}}.
```

Reviewer: I just want to note again that this part about "whether or not that meeting has a physical presence" was added based on group discussion. Just removing it would revert that discussion. Maybe we need to bring is back to the list with a separate thread to ensure we have consensus to any change here?

Author: Yes.  You want to post a note or me?

Reviewer: Go ahead if you want.
